finance

it is the investment of assests and liabilties.
it can be said that is the science of money management.
Market participants aim to price assets based on their risk level, fundamental value, and their expected rate of return. Finance can be broken into three sub-categories: public finance, corporate finance and personal finance.

Personal finance may involve paying for education, financing durable goods such as real estate and cars, buying insurance, e.g. health and property insurance, investing and saving for retirement.

Corporate finance deals with the sources funding and the capital structure of corporations, the actions that managers take to increase the value of the firm to the shareholders, and the tools and analysis used to allocate financial resources.corporate finance also includes within its scope business valuation, stock investing, or investment management. An investment is an acquisition of an asset in the hope that it will maintain or increase its value over time that will in hope give back a higher rate of return when it comes to disbursing dividends.

Public finance describes finance as related to sovereign states and sub-national entities (states/provinces, counties, municipalities, etc.) and related public entities (e.g. school districts) or agencies. It usually encompasses a long-term strategic perspective regarding investment decisions that affect public entities.


financial services
An entity whose income exceeds its expenditure can lend or invest the excess income to help that excess income produce more income in the future. 
Financial services are the economic services provided by the finance industry, which encompasses a broad range of businesses that manage money, including credit unions, banks, credit-card companies, insurance companies, accountancy companies, consumer-finance companies, stock brokerages, investment funds, individual managers and some government-sponsored enterprises.

bank provides financial services
various banks : investment banks, Commercial banking services.

commercial banking services:
Keeping money safe while also allowing withdrawals when needed
Issuance of chequebooks so that bills can be paid and other kinds of payments can be delivered by the post
Provide personal loans, commercial loans, and mortgage loans (typically loans to purchase a home, property or business)
Issuance of credit cards and processing of credit card transactions and billing
Issuance of debit cards for use as a substitute for cheques


Investment banking services
New York City and London are the largest centers of investment banking services.

foreign exchange services is also there in finance.

us based companies that provide finance services are:
USAA
Industry: Financial Services
HQ location: San Antonio
Employees: 28,738
Global Revenue: $24 billion

Quicken loans
Industry: Banking/Credit Services
HQ location: Detroit
Employees: 13,690

Edward jones
Industry: Investments
HQ location: St. Louis
Employees: 39,907
Global Revenue: $6.7 billion


careers in finance:
commercial banks.
insurance
real estate
financial planning.
corporate banking.

Price is not what you pay, its the value that you get.



 




